Survivaria is a unique mod that adds in multiple new survival mechanics, tons of new items and more.

Features:

Hunger - One of the 2 main resources in the mod, decreases slowly over time and gives increasing negative effects as it gets lower. The better food you eat the more hunger it will restore and the better bonuses you recieve.

Thirst - The other main resource in the mod, also decreases slowly overtime and faster in hot environments, also gives more negative effects as it gets lower. Drinking more revitalizing drinks keeps you refreshed for longer and gives better effects.

New food items - Over 100+ new foods and drinks to eat, the more time you spend making better meals the better the bonuses are. Don't slack on your diet!

New crafing stations and survival items - A handful of new stations which assist in creating better food. Also don't forget your handy survival items that assist you in many ways!


Changelog:

V0.3.2.2

1) Fixed bug where some foods couldn't be consumed but still gave their buffs, resulting in infinite food or drink.
2) Added Pop sensation and MRE.
3) Added new cross content foods with fargo's mutant/soul mod, a drop from the mutant boss and a food sold by the deviantt.
4) Changed the hunger and thirst drain multipliers to be floats, allowing it to go from x0-x3 instead of number values.
5) Fixed sounds not playing properly on many foods.
6) Decreased the chance and volume of the hungry and thirsty sounds.
7) Lowered the chance for plants to spawn.
8) New players now start with 4 MRE's to help last the first day or so.

V0.3.2.1

1) Slightly reduced thirst and hunger drain rates.
2) Adjusted the recipes for filtered water, crimson blaze, hot blooded pot, grind stone and mortar and pestle.
3) Increased volume of the low hunger and thirst sounds.
4) Fixed bug where it consumed the item if you tried to place a tile even if it wasn't a valid spot.
5) Fixed bug where disabling hunger or thirst in the config didn't actually disable it.
6) Added config to disable hunger and food stats on potions.
7) Added configs to adjust hunger and thirst drain rate multipliers.

V0.3.2.0

1) Slightly increased evil plants spawn rate.
2) Onfire and frozen debuff from food had doubled time.
3) Fixed bug where bigger foods just wouldn't give any stats.
4) Made plants appear on the minimap.
5) Cocolate drops properly now.
6) Added Spaghetti of Cthulhu, Super Salted Epineurium, Root of Evil, Honey-Filled Croissant and Endless Tripe Sausage.
7) Added hunger to potions.
8) Fixed some growing animations glitching out.
9) Fixed some plants dropping more items than they should.
10) Fixed bug where you could remove Nausea and Hyponatremia at the nurse.

V0.3.1.1

1) Fixed gamebreaking bug where placables would be consumed even if you couldn't place it.

V0.3

1) Hunger and thirst drain slightly slower in general and 15% faster in expert mode.
2) Frozen tears are no longer consumable.
3) Added crimson blaze, hot blooded pot, living legend, marrow soup, serpentine burger, stir fried snake, wormy curry, cool duck, damned breakfast, fluffy taco, honey partridge, jellyfilled delight, maki roll, mushroom medley, pengu wings, roasted rabbit, scent of the sea, spicy ribs, stuffed devil, terrine, toadstool sauté, disc pizza and turtle potpourri.
4) Fixed the gourd not giving any thirst.
5) Fixed reece not generating.
6) Fixed some food drops from trees showing up but not going into your inventory.
7) Removed a debug function from the peppermint item.
8) Fixed tub of slime freezing you in place.
9) Fixed buffet+ foods not giving anything?

V0.2

1) Expert spawn rate reduced.
2) Water breaks most plants.
3) Vanilla well fed annihilated.
4) Stats are not maxed out when joining a world.
5) Stages take more time to grow.
6) Spawn rate lowered.
7) Hunger and thirst properly drain now.
8) Yellow prickly pear cactus now spawns.
9) Removed bottle in terra cola recipe.

V0.1

1) Release.